---
title: "Hi, I'm Alberto"
categories:
  - personal
tags:
  - personal
  - diary
---


### Hi, my name is Alberto and this is my blog.
I come from Italy but I am currently living in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

In this blog I will talk about the path that I am taking to become a programmer and it will act as sort of a diary of my journey to landing a job.

My history with programming started in september 2016, while I was in New Zealand with my girlfriend who was then having to deal with a university exam involving HTML.

While helping her out I discovered a passion for programming and I soon realized that accounting (my previous job) was not meant for me.

And here I am, one year later, creating a blog to document the next steps that I will take to motivate myself to never give up and ,hopefully, motivate other people to join this journey.

#### My Skills
I would currently rate my skills as follows:

- proficient in HTML/CSS
- basic in Javascript/jquery
- almost proficient in Ruby on Rails
- proficient with Bootstrap 3/4 and good knowledge of Materialize framework

I attended a 2 months Ruby on Rails part-time bootcamp during which I worked on a small project with a team of two other developers for a month. It was challenging and fun.

#### My goals
I want to change that *basic* in Javascript and that *almost proficient* in Ruby on Rails to a **master** and I will share what cool new things I am learning along the way on this blog.

#### What content I am going to post
Mostly, programming stuff. From diary-like posts to collection of resources that I found and I want to share.

Other than that, well... photos of my travel, I really love to take photos and even though I am not professional I took some nice shots here and there.

At the beginning of september I will start teaching english in a primary school, so maybe I will share some posts about that too, why not.


If you read all the way to the end of the page, congratulations and thank you for caring about my words, I hope that you will like the content of my blog, see you soon.